Yu
He Bit
Two come home yesterday
I've got three again today
When the school was hit by a glass, the teacher was taken to the corner of the corridor.
When he returned home, Kozukai-san came.
His father was looking down at him with a blue face when he received the glass.
His mother was crying, saying,
I don't have any money to pay for my education.
So when I play baseball, I don't want to break the high glass.
Don't hit me, Homelan.
The pain and suffering of the school was finally cured by the teacher Junjo Shishu.
It was the baseball era.
The fans went to Korakuen, Koshien, and Nishinomiya's ballpark as landlady.
However, the young Rakuoka teacher had never been to Korakuen because he was a professional baseball player.
So, when I listen to the radio, I wonder what happens when I come to a good place.
The next batter is Aota.
He threw a first-class motion with Wakabayashi.
He hit it.
It's a big hit.
Will it be a center back homerun?
It's a power outage.
Damn it.
Thank you for the electricity.
Goodbye from Korakuen.
I don't think there's such a stupid story.
So this time, I hope you will listen to it even when it's out of power.
The sports show sent by the record.
From the sports diary.
The first night game of the All Japan Socialist Victory Baseball Competition.
The game of the All Police vs. All Police.
It was held at the Nusumigaoka Baseball Stadium, which is also the place where the grass is sleeping.
Goemon, the director of the All Police, visited the field and the field of the All Police.
He succeeded in getting a double-steel net between the next batter, Nesumikodou.
He scored a valuable point and won the All Police chase.
Next news.
The winner of the spring game at the Hama-cho National Assembly Hall.
First, the garbage is a piece of paper.
The winner is the garbage.
The winner to go to the post office, the corner manageable economic union to send out.
The post office who sent out all the hugeDO Notators to go to the personnel residence, the vote won, the tax fraud, the tax blore.
The tax blore, the tax ××ª, immediately the budget and the value of the tax belongs.
To the criticism of the sh Rosie kostums
Horvath cup seed to bittercentric the
The End